my objectives and my visions are complete my academic career path from bachelor to master as soon as possible in the best reason like turkey, and develop my research skills in academic path to be creative researcher ,after that i will be complete PHd in this reason.
so Turkey is a very strong place in IT domain such as computer science and gives me a very good offers like this oppurtunity to complete my dream, .
I'm very Excited  to complete my blueprint in this place
in my experince as a computer science student i was have a very strong experince,communications
,courses and awards like :

1- Artificial Intellagence domain : the ability of a digital computer or computer-controlled robot to perform tasks commonly associated with intelligent beings, The term is frequently applied to the project of developing systems endowed with the intellectual processes characteristic of humans, such as the ability to reason, discover meaning, generalize, or learn from past experience.
2- web Development Engineering :The World Wide Web has become a major delivery platform for a variety of complex and sophisticated enterprise applications in several domains. In addition to their inherent multifaceted functionality, these Web applications exhibit complex behaviour and place some unique demands on their usability, performance, security, and ability to grow and evolve.
3- Distributed systems :Distributed computing is a field of computer science that studies distributed systems. A distributed system is a system whose components are located on different networked computers, which communicate and coordinate their actions by passing messages to one another.
4- database development :Database application development is the process of obtaining real-world requirements, analyzing requirements, designing the data and functions of the system, and then implementing the operations in the system, i worked on mysql, oracle, sql server ,mongo db.
5- Operating Systems Development : In response, individual mainframe computer owners began to develop system software that made it easier to write and run programs and operating systems were born .


in my awards i was completed some courses and awards like :

1- Diploma in powercoders in web design development.
2- Certification from udemy in online courses .

in my work experince i works with some companies in my rezone like :

1- N2V Company : System Admin and java developer.
2- Mawaqaa company : PHP Software Engineer .
3- Electronic assessment and accreditation - eaa : PHP Software Engineer.

Overall i was communicate and interact with some leadrships and managers in my career path and my experince.

